Auth middlewares in kubernetes CRD uses secrets (#5299)
containous/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/digestauth.md

        - "test2:traefik:518845800f9e2bfb1f1f740ec24f074e"
```

## Configuration Options

!!! tip 
   
    Use `htdigest` to generate passwords.

### `users`

The `users` option is an array of authorized users. Each user will be declared using the `name:realm:encoded-password` format.

!!! Note
    

>     - If both `users` and `usersFile` are provided, the two are merged. The content of `usersFile` has precedence over `users`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If both `users` and `usersFile` are provided, the two are merged. The contents of `usersFile` have precedence over the values in `users`.
```

  namespace: default

data:
  users: |2
    dGVzdDokYXByMSRINnVza2trVyRJZ1hMUDZld1RyU3VCa1RycUU4d2ovCnRlc3QyOiRhcHIxJGQ5
    aHI5SEJCJDRIeHdnVWlyM0hQNEVzZ2dQL1FObzAK
```

```json tab="Marathon"
"labels": {
  "traefik.http.middlewares.test-auth.digestauth.users": "test:traefik:a2688e031edb4be6a3797f3882655c05,test2:traefik:518845800f9e2bfb1f1f740ec24f074e"
}
```

```yaml tab="Rancher"
labels:
- "traefik.http.middlewares.test-auth.digestauth.users=test:traefik:a2688e031edb4be6a3797f3882655c05,test2:traefik:518845800f9e2bfb1f1f740ec24f074e"
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[http.middlewares]
  [http.middlewares.test-auth.digestAuth]
    users = [
      "test:traefik:a2688e031edb4be6a3797f3882655c05",
      "test2:traefik:518845800f9e2bfb1f1f740ec24f074e",
    ]
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
http:
  middlewares:
    test-auth:
      digestAuth:
        users:
        - "test:traefik:a2688e031edb4be6a3797f3882655c05"
        - "test2:traefik:518845800f9e2bfb1f1f740ec24f074e"
```

### `usersFile`

The `usersFile` option is the path to an external file that contains the authorized users for the middleware.

The file content is a list of `name:realm:encoded-password`.

!!! Note
    

>     - If both `users` and `usersFile` are provided, the two are merged. The content of `usersFile` has precedence over `users`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If both `users` and `usersFile` are provided, the two are merged. The contents of `usersFile` have precedence over the values in `users`.
```
